README.md, before:

# EpPos
EpPos (name subject to change, suggestions welcome) is a basic Django (python)-based Point Of Sale
system that is designed to be platform-independant (it runs on the web) and completely mobile- and
touch-friendly. 

**Contributors: see the CONTRIB.md file!**

## Hold on Epse, what on earth is that POS shenanigans about?
Well, glad you asked. A POS system is a program that is used by salespeople or, more in the scope of
this particular one, waiters at a pub or restaurant. They simple click on what you ordered, it is
added to your addition and tracks the payments. Once you have payed, it adds you money to the
current cash stash and removes that amount of each product from stock (if applicable)

## Well gee, that sounds awesome! How do I run it?
It is verry simple. Clone the repo to wherever you want to keep your Django apps, edit settings.py
and change the `DEBUG` var to `False` and add the domain name or IP-address from which the POS will
be accessed to the `ALLOWED_HOSTS` variable. Then run `python manage.py migrate` and `python
manage.py createsuperuser` to create a new admin account which you can use to manage the system and
add new users.
Then set it up like you would set up any normal Django application, we recommend using
[uWSGI](http://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/Django_and_nginx.html) with nginx.

## Beauty. Or no! A beast! What now?
You found a bug! Congratulations! You can report this issue on or issue tracker on GitHub. I will be
forever grateful if you could possible be so kind as to include a server log and/or web console log.

## But I can fix that myself!
Absolutely marvellous! Have a look in the CONTRIB.md file for info about contributing!

## I want to make a spinoff!
You absolutely may. If you think what you want in a POS is not something that is in the scope of
EpPOS (although you may always ask) you can for sure just fork it. Details are in the LICENSE file,
we use the Apache license.

## Maintainers aka. Who Do I Talk To?
Epse aka. Stef Pletinck

## Hall of fame
*God this is empty. Any people with accepted pull requests will end up right here.*
:worried:

Commit message:

Acknowledge limit in order digits. And formatting

README.md, after:

# EpPos
EpPos (name subject to change, suggestions welcome) is a basic Django (python)-based Point Of Sale
system that is designed to be platform-independant (it runs on the web) and completely mobile- and
touch-friendly. 

**Contributors: see the CONTRIB.md file!**

## Hold on Epse, what on earth is that POS shenanigans about?
Well, glad you asked. A POS system is a program that is used by salespeople or, more in the scope of
this particular one, waiters at a pub or restaurant. They simple click on what you ordered, it is
added to your addition and tracks the payments. Once you have payed, it adds you money to the
current cash stash and removes that amount of each product from stock (if applicable)

## Well gee, that sounds awesome! How do I run it?
It is verry simple. Clone the repo to wherever you want to keep your Django apps, edit settings.py
and change the `DEBUG` var to `False` and add the domain name or IP-address from which the POS will
be accessed to the `ALLOWED_HOSTS` variable. Then run `python manage.py migrate` and `python
manage.py createsuperuser` to create a new admin account which you can use to manage the system and
add new users.
Then set it up like you would set up any normal Django application, we recommend using
[uWSGI](http://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/Django_and_nginx.html) with nginx.

## Known "issues"
- There is a limitation in the total value of an order. It cannot exceed 10 digits, counting decimal places.

## Beauty. Or no! A beast! What now?
You found a bug! Congratulations! You can report this issue on or issue tracker on GitHub. I will be
forever grateful if you could possible be so kind as to include a server log and/or web console log.

## But I can fix that myself!
Absolutely marvellous! Have a look in the CONTRIB.md file for info about contributing!

## I want to make a spinoff!
You absolutely may. If you think what you want in a POS is not something that is in the scope of
EpPOS (although you may always ask) you can for sure just fork it. Details are in the LICENSE file,
we use the Apache license.

## Maintainers aka. Who Do I Talk To?
Epse aka. Stef Pletinck

## Hall of fame
*God this is empty. Any people with accepted pull requests will end up right here.*
:worried:
